# moviedb

A dataset viewer over a movielens database.
[A compatible dataset can be found here.](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/grouplens/movielens-20m-dataset)

# Data preparation

Extract the database to `data/` .

# Execution

To compile and execute the program, run this in a Unix shell:
```
$ sh run.sh
```

If already compiled, to execute directly the program in a Unix shell, run:

```
$ ./build/release/moviedb
```

# Compilation

To just compile the program, run:
```
$ sh build.sh release
```

You can also run `make` manually:
```
$ make
```

# Project Structure

In the `src/` directory, there are source code (`.c`) and include (`.h`) files.

In the `src/test/` directory, there are test source codes.

To the `data/` directory, the database must be decompressed.

In the `build/`, there are compilation artefacts, liike object files (`.o`) and
executables. This directory is automatically generated by `make`.

The shell script `build.sh` is responsible of automatizing the compilation.

The shell script `run.sh` is responsável of automatizing the process of compile
\+ run.

The shell script `watch.sh` watches for changes in source code and runs a
command (by default `sh watch.sh sh build.sh release`). It is NOT NECESSARY to
use this script, it is intended to help development only.

Finally, `Makefile` specifies build rules for `make`, as always.

## Note

The project does not automatize build for Windows using native Windows tools.
Things like MinGw or WSL should be possible though.
